Requirement 1: Pet Selection via Filtering
Feature 1: System should allow users to select desired animal and breed of animal.
Feature 2: System should allow users to add/remove features to pet, such as fur colour, age, gender, etc
Feature 3: System should be able to display a virtual image of the animal based on selected preferences.
Feature 4: System should be able to find pets available for adoption that matches or comes close to matching the user’s chosen features.
Feature 5: System should be able to display percentage similarity between user’s selection and actual pet that is available.




Requirement 2: Interact with Virtual Pet
Feature 1: System should allow users to select desired animal and breed of animal.
Feature 2: System should be able to display a virtual image of the animal.
Feature 3: System should be able to make the animal do actions that are representative of that particular animal and breed such as sleeping, shedding, howling, etc.
Feature 4: System should be able to display a virtual representation (image or video) of the actions.
Feature 5: System should provide users with options to interact with the virtual animal, like give food, bath, take on walk, etc. 
Feature 4: System should give users hints and tips to teach them about what actions the specific animal and breed would need from the user in real life
.        


Requirement 3: Location-based Veterinarian Recommendation
Feature 1: System should be able to read the user's location.
Feature 2: System should be able to find veterinarians that are closest to the user's location.
Feature 3: System should be able to display location of veterinarian.
Feature 4: System should be able to display information about the veterinarian like address, business hours, ratings, etc.




Requirement 4: Pet Food Storefront
Feature 1: System should be able to read the user's location.
Feature 2: System should be able to find pet food stores around the user.
Feature 3: System should be able to read data of products from the found pet food stores.
Feature 4: System should be able to display products and the information of the products, such as which store they are from.
Feature 5: System should be able to display information about the pet food stores like address, business hours, ratings, etc.
Feature 6: System should allow users to add products to cart.
Feature 7: System should allow users to buy products in cart.




Requirement 5: Chat System:-
Feature 1:- System should allow to sender to send message, images and videos
Feature 2:- System should allow reciever to recive message, images and videos


Requirement 6 community:-
Feature 1:- System should be able to display posts.
Feature 2:- System should allow users to post, edit and remove posts 


Requirement 7 community:-
Feature 1:- System is similar to the adoption post but with a time frame.
Feature 2:- System should remove the post after a certain time frame is complete
Feature 4:- System should be able to distinguish between adoption and babysitting posts.


Requirement 8 Adoption Post:-
Feature 1:- System should allow users to make adoption posts.
Feature 2:- System should take necessary details for adoption such as animal type, breed, age, location, etc
Feature 3:- System should take 3 to 5 pictures of the animal that is being put up for adoption.




Requirement 9 Paid Advertisement:-
Feature 1:- System should be able to display ads
Feature 2:- System should allow the users to turn off ads 
Feature 3:- System should be able to accept requests for advertisements
Feature 4:-System should be able to set a timer for the duration of each ads and shuffle between multiple ads


Requirement 10 Request for Adoption:-
Feature 1:- System should have a request for adoption button
Feature 2:- System should take address and necessary information about the person requesting 
Feature 3:-System should provide these details to the pet’s owners